[Music]
[Applause]
I was diagnosed with major depression
and I was told it takes about two and a
half years to recover from this uh which
when you're when you're diagnosed with
depression is the last thing you want to
hear this this be a picture of kind of
where I was at that point in my
life so like a lot of people with
depression I started asking myself some
tough questions why are you here so this
is the question I asked myself and it's
this kind of crazy broad uh difficult to
understand question that's uh I mean how
could you ever come up with a qu with an
answer for this um but this is what this
is what I did I said okay I'm going to
approach this from a novel way I'm going
to take this gigantic question I'm going
to give it a very specific answer um I
chose a very specific answer said I'm
going to create a life list it's about
150 things I want to do I'm going to
give myself a very specific deadline so
I gave myself a deadline of May 25th
2017 so totally arbitrary there's like
that happens that day it's just I picked
it uh and then they got that tattooed on
me and I got
started so I made the purpose of my life
the reason that I'm here not just at Ted
but in general uh to finish this life
list so I started small and local first
thing I did is go to a barber shop and I
got one of those straight razor
shaves turns out they cost about the
same as just a normal thing and it was
kind of fun um and then I quickly
realized that I should probably do
something more practical so I took a
cooking class so there's one in
University Village you can take very
inexpensive and really helpful and this
was interesting I started to gain a
little bit of momentum I was starting to
overcome
inera the next thinged was started on
myself which is a great place to start
right if you're if you're trying to do
this so I got into meditation I started
working on my head I started to try to
figure out the problems up in here which
I'm still working on uh but I made a
little bit of
progress I then started running started
working on my body uh like I mentioned I
was overweight and I started to tackle
that next I involved my friends and my
family and this this made a big
difference this is my mom uh up both of
us up in Alaska I'm going to hit 50
States this year so this is one of the
harder ones I next made a little bit
more of a leap and I went to Egypt with
my little sister this is my sister
Jessica with their support I really
started to gain momentum so this is uh I
I reached all my weight loss goals this
is U my I lost I think 70 pounds or
something like that this is back in my
high school weight this is also a very
helpful Apple commercial
and then uh started started to run a lot
I really got into this this is me
completing a marathon uh before I
started training for this I hadn't run
more than like to pick up the
phone uh so this was this was a lot
farther when money got low as as it did
uh I picked a new job I used to do um
other things and then I got a job that
worked for my purpose uh so I sat down
and I taught myself Ruby which is a
programming language and I taught myself
online marketing which which is uh those
two things are what I'm doing
today I started teaching started giving
lectures this is I'm giving a lecture at
Yale in that
picture uh I cut expenses I donated all
but a hundred of my belongings and I
moved wos saris so this point I I kind
of took a little leap there
right uh this is me and buos saris um
this is by weird happenstance starring
in a commercial in in Argentina um it it
turns out that when you start telling
the story of making this my absolute
purpose that people start offering up
couches and advice and uh places in
commercials uh this is me going to uh
bise which was a country I'd never heard
of uh I went to the airport I got a
ticket to a place I'd never heard of and
just figured it had good beaches which
turned out to be right uh and eventually
I ended up moving to Spain after this so
I moved to Barcelona which is still my
favorite place on the
planet then I really Unleashed then I
really got
excited uh this is me sneaking into Cuba
uh unless you work for the government in
which case I didn't do that this is uh
me going to Easter Island which is the
most remote uninhabited place in the
entire planet I believe it's about 3,000
miles away from its nearest
neighbor this is me summoning
rineer this is me at a what I consider
to be the greatest party in the world
this is Queen's Day in
Amsterdam this is me um bungee jumping I
also did skydiving uh this is me in
carnival um in
Rio uh this is me learning how to fly
and this is me publishing a book that
eventually became a bestseller uh which
has nothing to do with my life list is
about
marketing so this is what um today I'm
80% done I get to have this really cool
graphic of all the places I've been it
looks like a virus taking over the world
which I'm very excited about uh it's
like a zombie
apocalypse and all this started with
just one simple question the question of
why are you here this I believe is the
single most important question that you
can ask yourself
what I found is kind of a in a cosmic
humor kind of way the answer really
doesn't make a difference at all uh what
makes a difference is making that
decision and fully and uninhibitedly
committing yourself to it really making
this your purpose diving in head first
and really digging into that and it was
that realization of the answer doesn't
matter it's not that big of a deal if
it's a broad question and really just
committing myself to it that is what
forever changed how I view myself in my
potential it was it was that decision
there that made me happy again thank you
you okay wait wait don't leave
yet he he looks nervous I am nervous the
tattoo the tattoo where is it it's can
we see it uh it's on my butt so
[Applause]